>> [Background Music]
And I think many people
today don't know what
to believe anymore.
>> People basically need to keep
on to help uncover
what really happened.
>> I felt like something
was watching me.
>> We weren't given
all the information.
We weren't told the
entire story.
>> George Noory: And
welcome to Beyond Belief.
You know, Cincinnati, one
of my favorite cities.
In Cincinnati, Victor Paruta was
voted the Best Psychic there.
That's not a small
accomplishment.
Victor, welcome to
Beyond Belief.
How are you?
>> Victor Paruta: It's
good to see you, George.
>> George Noory: Always
good to see you too.
You know, for years, I have
been fascinated with the work
of psychic mediums, past
lives, reincarnation.
You do a lot of that, don't you?
>> Victor Paruta: Sure.
And those are fascinating
topics to me as well.
>> George Noory: When
you started doing this
and the more you
started doing it,
have you seen anything unusual,
strange about past lives,
about what might be
on the other side?
>> Victor Paruta: I've done a
quite a bit of past life work.
And it's one of those--
I remember the first time I
had a past life regression.
I regressed into a life where
I was a little dwarf and--
little person.
And I got sick and I ended
up becoming mentally retarded
and I could not care
for myself and I--
>> George Noory: Wow.
>> Victor Paruta: --
had to be taken care of.
>> George Noory:
Different past life.
>> Victor Paruta: But, in that
lifetime, I was always aware
of the presence of the
love of God around me.
The second life past
regression that I add,
I was born into a
life of privilege.
I was handsome, well-adjusted,
not a problem in the world,
born into one of wealthy
families in the world.
>> GN: Totally opposite
to the first one, huh?
>> VP: Exactly.
But in that lifetime, what
happened was I needed a son
to inherit the empire and my
wife only bore a daughter.
And I resented both of them,
therefore, making a lot
of bad karma that I'm still
paying off in this lifetime.
But it just goes to show
that the more difficult
lifetimes can be spiritually a
lot more valuable than
the lives of privilege.
>> GN: I trust you
weren't Henry VIII, huh?
>> VP: I don't think so.
>> GN: You never know.
>> VP: I hope not.
>> VP: Yeah, but-- yeah.
I have had some very difficult
lifetimes doing some regressions
and-- have you ever had
a past life regression?
>> GN: No, but I was
told by a regressionist,
and I don't know how he knew
this, that I came from Atlantis,
that I had a past life there.
Very strange because I
sometimes have this affinity
with stories about Atlantis.
>> VP: That might be
where I know you from.
>> GN: Maybe.
>> VP: 'Cause I've had
several past lives in Atlantis.
And the first time
that I got one
of those past lives is I was
actually visiting Sedona,
Arizona.
And I was staying in
Flagstaff in a hotel,
and an inner voice said, "Go
into your room and lie down."
I laid down on the bed and a
video sort of playing in my head
of my lifetime in Atlantis.
And it was so vivid
that it changed me.
It changed my life.
There's a lot of Atlantian
energy in that area.
And then I was on a cruise ship
and started getting spontaneous
past life recollections
of another lifetime in Atlantis.
So, I know quite a bit
about Atlantis from two
or three past life
regressions there.
These regressions were
not-- with a hypnotherapist,
they happen spontaneously.
>> GN: How come we can't
remember our past lives,
which could be many?
>> VP: Well, absolutely.
I'm not one of these people
who believe you've had one,
two or three past lives.
I think we've had hundreds--
>> GN: Hundreds.
>> VP: -- of thousands
of past lives.
Not only on planet Earth but
in different places as well.
>> GN: Sure.
Since the beginning of time.
>> VP: Exactly.
I don't think we come from here.
I think come from
elsewhere and we take
on an earthly incarnation
for the lessons that
we learned here.
This is an earth school
where we learn love
and wisdom, or love for wisdom.
And how to treat one another,
and that's what we are learning
in this particular
system of incarnation.
But yes, we come from
many different places.
>> GN: But we don't
remember them, why not?
>> VP: We don't remember them
but the memories are lodged
within us and that is
absolutely unmistakable.
People who have phobias, for
example, people who are afraid
of fire or water have
died by those means
in previous lifetimes.
And you go to a place
for the first time.
I remember the first time
I ever went to London,
England, I got off the plane.
I knew where I was.
I had the sense of familiarity.
I've been here before.
And so, you've got to
pay attention to your,
it's called, resonance.
Most of us within
ourselves have this feeling
of truth or something.
And so, let's say you and
I met for the first time.
We feel comfortable
with each other
or we feel attracted
to each other.
That could be an
indication that we're friends
from a previous lifetime.
>> GN: No doubt, no doubt.
>> VP: But we've all met people
who, very first impressions,
you just, you know, stay away.
>> GN: Yeah.
>> VP: And that's-- it could be
where you're meeting an enemy
from a previous lifetime
or somebody
that you're not very
happy to see
because you've had an incident
with them that was not pleasant
in a previous lifetime.
>> GN: I'm convinced,
Victor, that in past lives,
the people who we are associated
within our current life,
we all intermingle
somehow in various aspects.
But the real close
people that were
in our lives today probably were
in our lives then,
don't you agree?
>> VP: I agree.
There are soul groups.
And so, there are groups of
people that choose to incarnate
at the same time,
whether be on earth.
Well, you're here.
And you help each other.
You become friends.
These will be your
closest circle of friends.
These could be your
lifelong friends.
Well, unless you have the karma,
the karma of having a child,
giving birth for a child or
being the parent of a child is
that they will return the
favor in a future lifetime.
You will be their child.
You know, it's always
what you put
out you receive in an equal way.
And it's the beauty
of reincarnation.
It was when I learned
about reincarnation
that everything made sense.
And so, for me, personally,
it's a foundational belief
that really makes sense
out of all those odd
loose ends of life.
Those little tendencies
you have.
Those preferences.
The things you're afraid of.
The innate talents you have.
>> GN: Right.
>> VP: And so many people--
>> GN: The mole on
your neck or something.
You carry that through,
don't you?
Yeah.
>> VP: Well, birthmarks,
actually there are
physical carryovers.
The birthmark, say, you have in
your body are often indication
of wounds that you've suffered
in a previous lifetime.
>> GN: OK.
>> VP: I was doing
a reading for a guy
and I did a past
life reading for him.
I said, "Yeah, you died from a--
somebody stabbed
you in the head."
He said, "Oh my God, I've
got a birthmark there."
And he showed it
to me right there.
>> GN: Yeah.
>> VP: And his daughter has
a birthmark front and back
where a spear had gone through--
>> GN: Oh my God.
>> VP: -- in a previous
lifetime.
So yeah, there are
physical carryovers.
>> GN: That is fascinating.
It really is.
As a psychic, as a medium,
do you try to answer
that age old question,
"How did this happen?
How can this be?"
I mean, it is beyond
logic to assume
that there's an intelligent
designer, which I believe in,
reincarnation, which
I believe in,
and all these other
various facets
of the paranormal
or the supernatural.
How have you recognize that
in your own personal life?
I mean, I'm sure you think about
that almost everyday, you know,
that there's too much
order in the universe,
that this all seems to work.
It fits like a glove.
But how?
>> VP: That's what I see.
I see a perfect system.
But I see imperfect people that,
because of what we
don't see, it's chaotic.
I know that I've-- just
like everybody out there.
You know, I've had unfortunate
painful experiences where--
>> GN: We're human beings.
>> VP: -- you've had
falling out with--
falling out with
even best friends--
>> GN: Sure.
>> VP: -- that have
been terribly painful.
But I know within myself, if I
really want to know something,
spirit provides the information.
I had a falling out with a very
good friend of mind and it was--
when a new person came into
our circle of friends--
>> GN: Right.
>> VP: -- this friend wanted
that person for themselves--
>> GN: Yeah.
>> VP: -- and I was kind of
pushed out of the picture.
And so, I was in so
much pain and I wanted
to know what that was all about.
And what I saw was
a previous lifetime
in which she and I were sisters.
And in that lifetime, I
was the beautiful sister
and she was more of
the plain sister.
>> GN: Right.
>> VP: And what happened
is we where at a function.
It must have been
a ball or a dance,
and I knew that she was
interested in this guy.
And instead of letting her
have him, because I knew
that I could get him, I got
him and kept him away from her.
Obviously, that was
intentional to do something bad.
It was an intentional wrong.
>> GN: It got you, didn't it?
>> VP: It came back
exactly the same way
with the same set of people.
And once I saw that and
once I caught a glimpse
into why this bad
thing happened to me,
I realized that I had set those
forces in motion and I was able
to live with that at that point
in time, whereas before that,
it was eating away at
me for months, years.
After I got that
insight, I'm cool with it.
>> GN: Well, you know
what they say about karma,
what goes around comes
around, and I believe that.
>> VP: It does come around.
And so, karma actually
makes this a perfect system.
It doesn't mean that
we will not--
the earth might to be hit
by a meteor one day
and cease to exist.
>> GN: And it will.
And it will.
>> VP: Yeah, it will.
>> GN: Just a matter of time.
>> VP: Yes.
But that's part of
the plan as well.
You have to have faith in it.
>> GN: Who designed
this plan, Victor?
>> VP: Well, you believe
in a higher power.
>> GN: I do.
>> VP: I do too.
But I think that our
concept or understanding
of that higher power is
limited by what we are capable
of comprehending
and understanding.
But it-- so that higher
power I think is reflected
in consciousness.
Without consciousness,
there would be no awareness.
And so, I believe that
that which is in me looking
at you is the same thing
that is in you looking at me.
And that thing is
ageless and timeless.
So when you were a kid looking
on the mirror seeing
that little boy.
That the same thing is in
the mirror looking at us now
that we've aged but
it has not aged.
And a lot of people will--
you hear people say that.
You know, I feel the same.
>> GN: Right.
>> VP: I don't feel
like I've aged.
>> GN: We're just in
a different shell.
>> VP: Exactly.
And you will shed the shell.
I had a very powerful
experience in a meditation group
that I was a member of for many
years and it was a pivotal group
for my psychic and
spiritual growth.
I was standing there talking
to a friend in the group,
and all of a sudden my
body dropped to the floor
and it folded up almost like
one of those folding chairs.
But my light body was still
standing there talking
to my friend.
And he was looking
at my light body.
And then I looked down at my
body and I saw it down there
and I saw people
moseying around.
We were kind of in a hallway,
a little off from the group.
And I said to myself, "I think
I'd better get back in that body
or somebody will come
over and think that--
>> GN: You're dead.
>> VP: -- something is wrong."
>> GN: Yeah.
>> VP: So I remember
moving back into my body
and the chair unfolds and
I stand up right and, "Wow,
that was interesting."
It was an out-of-body
experience.
And that was very profound
'cause it was exactly what you
just said.
You are not your body.
>> GN: You do marvelous work.
>> VP: Thank you.
>> GN: And you have been
doing it for a long time.
And I've seen you a couple times
at conferences and on panels
that you're on where
people are just mesmerized
about the things that you do.
Have you ever come across
a situation, Victor,
where you didn't want to be in
that situation, as a psychic,
as a medium, where it was
uncomfortable for you?
>> VP: Sure.
Yeah. I'm going to show you in a
general way when that comes up.
We don't want to hear
the truth of ourselves.
We don't want to.
>> GN: Nobody does,
unless it's all good stuff.
>> VP: Exactly.
But we tend to do a
psychological mechanism that's
in place in all of us called
the principle of projection.
We tend to project the qualities
about ourselves that we do not
like on to other people.
We disown those qualities.
So the way to learn
about projection is
to notice what you're critical
of, what you don't like.
Every time you see a
certain type of person,
what you think or say.
I had a friend who
is very flamboyant.
And we were out one
night at a restaurant
and he noticed somebody
on the other side
of the room being
flamboyant and he said,
"I can't stand that guy."
He's so flamboyant.
>> GN: Boisterous and all that.
>> VP: Yes.
And we all laughed.
We all snickered because we
all know he's flamboyant and--
but he had disowned that
part of himself, you know.
So you could just observe
yourself and those things
that you don't like
about other people.
You can pretty much tell
that it's within you.
>> GN: Maybe he was a
little more flamboyant
and he was, I guess.
He couldn't take it, huh?
>> VP: Well, yup,
that's probably--
there's probably a
lot of truth to that.
So, the tough parts of my work
are when somebody really wants
to know what's going
on with them
but they're not quite
ready to hear the truth.
>> GN: And you tell
them the truth.
You don't hold back, do you?
>> VP: Well, I'll tell you.
Being a psychic is a lot
of being a psychologist
or being a counselor.
>> GN: OK, so you
got to weigh that?
>> VP: Or being ministerial
and you've got
to deliver information
in a palatable way
with a spoonful sugar,
otherwise,
they will completely
discount you.
I've had a lot of clients where,
you know, if I make a prediction
that "No, this relationship that
you're in will not work," they--
>> GN: And don't want
to hear that, do they?
>> VP: They don't want to
hear it and then they hate me.
>> GN: Yeah.
>> VP: And then later, you
know, it's because I'd made
that prediction even though
the relationship failed two
weeks later.
And so--
>> GN: They blame
you for it, right?
>> VP: Yeah.
So, we don't want to hear
what we don't want to hear.
But I do that too.
>> GN: Yeah.
>> VP: You know, we can't
really read ourselves very well
if we have an emotional stake
in our expectations being played
out the way we want them to.
>> GN: How much free choice do
we really have in our existence,
or is it all predetermined?
>> VP: I think a lot
is predetermined.
But I also think that we do
have some freewill choice.
So within a set of
parameters, we are capable
of being the best
person that we can be.
One panacea that I've learned
through this work
is self-acceptance.
If you want an easier life,
accept yourself exactly
as you are now, warts and all.
>> GN: Absolutely.
>> VP: And if you can
fully embrace that,
then most of your
problems sort of disappear
because you start
working with what you are
and what you've got instead of
wishing you were someone else
with these different set of
characteristics or talents.
So I think that that's
pretty important.
>> GN: We hear so much
talk about soul mates.
And yet, we see people at the
divorce rate of 50 percent
or the relationship rate
at 50 percent saying,
"This is my soul mate,"
and then they're gone.
They're gone out of their lives.
One, can you have more
than one soul mate?
I think you can.
But two, why do people-- why
are they so quick to jump
to this soul mate concept?
>> VP: We're living
at a fairytale world.
Look at the stories that kids
hear, they're fairytales.
The prince finds the princess.
They kiss and live
happily ever after.
People buy into that.
>> GN: I'm still a frog.
[ Laughter ]
>> VP: But, those fairytales
never come through that way.
It's never like that.
You've got to work
on a relationship.
I'm with you.
You don't just have
one soul mate.
So if you broke up with that
person, that doesn't mean that,
you know, you have no
more chances for love.
To me, the definition of
a soul mate is somebody
that you've experienced
a previous lifetime with.
>> GN: Right.
And by the way, was that person
that you thought was the soul
mate that you break up with,
were they indeed the soul
mate in the first place?
Maybe not.
>> VP: I'll tell
you what that looks
like from my point of view.
Love and karma are both
forces of attraction.
>> GN: Right.
>> VP: People may think that
they're in love with a soul mate
but more likely it's karma
bringing two people together
almost like magnets
to work something
out from a previous lifetime.
That's often mistaken
for falling in love.
I'm not saying that they
don't have the feelings
of falling in love.
But after the karma
has been worked out,
they can go their separate
ways or stay together.
Sometimes there's a choice.
But I do believe that you have
psychic energy and libido,
I think, the soul needs
these experiences.
I don't think that-- there's a
lot of people that stay together
but they have nothing in common,
but they just don't
want to be alone.
I think there's a lot more
value in following the flow
of psychic energy in your
life in and out of situations.
>> GN: I agree with that.
Let's talk a little bit--
>> VP: You grow more.
>> GN: -- about your
work, Victor, as a medium.
And when people come to
you, do they want to know
about their dearly departed?
What do they want?
>> VP: All of those
experiences are very unique.
But what's really lovely about
it is that there is so much love
that sometimes comes
through from people
on the other side
towards the living.
A lot of times, people have
not spoken those final words
of goodbye.
>> GN: No closure.
>> VP: There hasn't
been closure.
And when there's a good
link with a dead person and,
as a medium, my job is
to simply form the link
with the departed person,
with the dead person.
Once I've formed that link, I
just-- I mean, I go between.
>> GN: Right.
>> VP: And so, what I
always tell my client is--
you know, he's going
to have memories.
He or she is going
to have memories
that I know nothing about.
And I'm just going
to give it the way
that they're giving it to me.
And then, you know,
they will light up.
They know what they're
talking about.
And it does allow
closure to take place.
Sometimes when somebody
is alive,
it's very difficult
especially for some man
to express their feelings.
You know, they're afraid just
tell somebody how much they mean
to them.
How much their kids mean
to them, for example.
And it's very gratifying when
a son hears from his father
in spirit that his son was--
he didn't deserve a son
this fine and as good.
>> GN: Son, you're good.
You'll be OK.
>> VP: Yeah.
Yeah. And, you know, it can
be very, very emotional.
Also with children who've died.
I find that they
come through so well.
I got a couple who
lost their data
and she was a handicap
during her lifetime.
>> GN: Yeah.
>> VP: The first time
she came through,
she was running,
she was playing.
They like to emphasize that
they're able-bodied now.
>> GN: Sure.
>> VP: You know, so--
>> GN: If they weren't.
>> VP: If they were not.
>> GN: Yeah.
>> VP: Absolutely.
Or if they were in pain
while they were alive
that they are no longer in pain.
And those messages come
through so wonderfully, clearly.
It's a priceless
experience for the living.
Now, I will give you
an example of something
that doesn't go as planned.
You know, we were talking
about expectations.
I had a family come in.
It was a mother, father
and their daughter.
Their son in college was sitting
on the front porch
of the frat house.
The rail give away and he
fell back onto the sidewalk,
hit his head on the sidewalk
and died instantaneously.
Now, every year, they
find a medium to go to.
They are still in a state
of grief and sadness.
>> GN: Sure.
>> VP: They bring that grief
and sadness into the reading.
Their son who is a very
adventurous spirit and,
in that time of life, wanting
to breakaway from the family
and develop a life of his own.
When I see him on
the other side,
he's exploring the far
reaches of the universe.
He doesn't want to
be brought down into
that vibration of
grief and sadness.
>> GN: Right.
>> VP: So, you know, he
almost doesn't even want
to come into the session.
The first time, he
wouldn't come in.
I said, "Well, he's not
coming in this time.
Let's reschedule."
The second time, he did, but he
does not want to move into that
because he's having
the time of his life.
>> GN: Yeah, and doesn't want
to be reminded of the pain,
I guess, or something.
>> VP: He doesn't want to move
into that vibration of sadness.
They have a very difficult
time accepting the fact
that he isn't missing
them as in--
>> GN: Right, right.
>> VP: -- like the way
that they are missing him.
>> GN: Right.
They don't understand.
>> VP: They don't understand.
You know, almost 100 percent of
the time, after somebody dies,
whether they're an
atheist or whatever,
their very first sensation is,
"Oh my God, I'm still alive.
I can't believe it.
I made it."
And they're thrilled, you
know, so-- because they know,
they've experienced that
there's no doubt any longer
that life continues after the
death of the physical body.
>> GN: Do you ever get a
spirit that has passed on,
trying to communicate through
you, trying to get a message
to someone, and you
don know who they are?
You don't know.
You know, the family hasn't
even been to you yet, let's say.
>> VP: That happens
during group interactions
where I'm doing gallery
readings and, you know,
somebody is coming through and
giving me a lot of information
about their personalities
and what they're like.
I may know the part of the
room where their person,
their living person is.
But I might think it's
one person and it ends
up being the person
sitting behind them.
Some spirits are very
outgoing and big personalities.
>> GN: Right.
>> VP: And some are very
shy to come through.
Just like all the various
personalities of living people,
people will tend to be that way.
>> GN: It's the same.
>> VP: One thing that's
interesting, George though,
after a time, they
have a second death.
From their astral
plane, for example,
they will leave their astral
body and move into the mental
or into the higher
spiritual planes.
Usually, in that case, they
had no longer hold as much
of the personalities they
had when they were on earth.
Usually they become
greatly ennobled.
They're ennobled.
For example, somebody
that was shy and retiring
on earth might become very
princely and grand and large.
You know, I'm going
to say something here.
I have the privilege
and the honor,
there was a wonderful psychic
medium named Christine [assumed
spelling] in Cincinnati who
died of cancer recently.
She invited me to come visit
her in the hospital and it just
so happened that that
day, when I got here,
she was in her last
breaths of life.
And I was there to
witness her last breath.
And then about five
minutes later, you know,
she was pronounced dead.
Five minutes later,
though, it took her spirit--
her spirit exited her body
and my eyes went up like this.
I saw her rise up
and become large.
>> GN: The ectoplasm, right?
>> VP: This isn't ectoplasm.
>> GN: It was not.
>> VP: This is spirit.
>> GN: OK.
>> VP: And it became huge.
It was almost like, you know,
a hot air balloon just--
>> GN: Yeah.
>> VP: -- rising
up into the sky.
That is what is trying to be
contained in this physical body.
We're inside of that.
That can't possibly
be contained in this--
>> GN: Yeah.
>> VP: -- tiny body of ours.
You know, we can't help but
have some limitation during an
earthly life.
But upon death, we are set free.
And Alan Ramsey [assumed
spelling], my meditation teacher
who I mentioned earlier to you.
He always said that
when you die,
it's like being set
free from prison.
You go home.
You're set free.
>> GN: You're done.
Yeah.
>> VP: You're finished.
>> GN: Just don't go back.
>> VP: Well, you know what?
That's another thing that I
think is a little bit insidious.
A lot of interpretations of
Eastern religions have been
to renounce our earth life.
>> GN: Yes.
>> VP: And to not be into--
>> GN: Like it doesn't
mean [inaudible].
>> VP: Right.
Oh, let's just, you know,
get by and then die.
>> GN: Yeah.
>> VP: And I think that's a
very insidiously evil belief
that has probably
been misinterpreted.
Our lives are a gift.
I think that we should fully
embody our life experience,
whatever it happens to be,
and live our lives fully.
I don't think we should just--
>> GN: No.
>> VP: -- past the
time [inaudible]--
>> GN: I'm in no rush.
No rush to get there.
>> VP: -- until we're
out of here.
You'll be out of
here soon enough.
Enjoy your experience,
embrace it.
Cherish and love the
people in your life.
Cherish what you've got.
You might have a
very simple job.
You may be a superstar,
but you might be a janitor.
You might be, you know, somebody
who is just a regular
person raising their family,
but that's the gift
you were given.
If you embody it fully
and if you do the very
best job you possibly can,
you're fulfilling your destiny
and you are appreciating
the gift of that life.
>> GN: Victor, again,
another fascinating job.
You've been doing
this for how long now?
>> VP: I went professional
in 1990, and so 23 years.
>> GN: That is a long time.
It really is.
And what has been for you
the most satisfying aspect
of your work?
>> VP: Well, I think
it is a wonderful gift.
It's a spiritual path.
>> GN: It's God-given, I think.
>> VP: It's a God-given
gift that we all have.
But if you aren't
interested in it,
why would you be
forced to do it, right?
>> GN: Right.
>> VP: If you want to go be
an athlete or, you know--
>> GN: An accountant
or whatever.
>> VP: -- electrician or
build houses, go do that.
>> GN: Yeah.
>> VP: But this is where
my soul interests are.
You know, so I got the gift.
I developed it.
I learned it.
It was a process of unfolding.
And it gives me a perspective
into life that I really enjoy
that I think that a lot
of people don't get.
>> GN: That's a great
perspective.
What would you recommend
to people, Victor,
who are having trouble
in this life
because of their fears
of the afterlife?
What would you tell them?
>> VP: Well, I had a client
here who-- very religious man.
As a matter of fact, I
think that he thought
of becoming a monk at some
early time in his life.
I think that people
sometimes bypass real life
through a thinking process.
They think their
way through life.
They're trying to play
by a certain set of rules
and you lose a sense
of spontaneity and joy.
And when I told him that he's--
there was an insidiousness
to his belief system
that was keeping him from
truly loving and embracing,
with all of his heart,
his children, his family,
his life's experience,
it clicked for him.
And he put that rule book,
that little set of rules
that he was trying to live his
life by, put it on a backburner.
He started enjoying
life instead of being
so afraid not to make a mistake.
>> GN: It made a big
difference, [inaudible].
>> VP: Yeah.
It gave him his life back.
>> GN: It sure did.
>> VP: You know, so I think
that it's all in your beliefs.
>> GN: It's got to be.
Victor, people love
websites these days.
How do they find you?
>> VP: You can find me
on victoryoflight.com
or victorparuta.com.
>> GN: You know, the
other side is something
that I am in no rush to get to.
But when I do, I think I'll
be prepared because of talking
to people like you, Victor.
Thank you for being
on Beyond Belief.
>> VP: Thank you so much.
It's an honor.
>> GN: And thank you for
watching Beyond Belief.
[ Music ]